1. What is the purpose of the "Hello, World!" program?
   To display the text "Hello, World!" to the screen. Also traditional first program taught for languages.
   
2. Name four parts of a function.
   1. The type
   2. The name
   3. The arguments
   4. The body of code it executes
   
3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
   The main() function must appear in every C++ program.

4. In the "Hello, World!" program what is the purpose of the line return 0;?
   It is to return 0 to the operating system. In systems like Unix/Linux
   it lets the OS know it has finished executing successfully.

5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
   The compiler turns text files containing programming instructions into binary
   objects that computers can understand.

6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
   #include allows us to use external code or libraries in the current file to use.

7. What does a .h suffice at the end of a file name signify in C++?
   The .h file extension signifies a C++ header, or library file meant to be used by other
   files in programs.

8. What does a linker do for your program?
   It links the object files created by our file(s) when compiled. When things are #included
   they produce object files that need to be linked in a binary file for our program to run.

9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
   A source file is plain text instructions for a compiler using a language standard.
   An object file is created by a compiler from a source file, and is binary or machine language.

10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
    IDEs are "Integrated Development Environments" and generally are used to make programming projects easier to manage,
    by including tools and features that make it easier. Like debuggers, syntax highlighting, and compilers to name a few.

11. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?
    Programming just like any skill, takes practice to get better. Understanding syntax is different than knowing how to use
    it to construct programs.
